yo guys what's going on this should be
insane kryptonite here for the new game
day fortnight Battle Royale so if you
guys don't know yet we have the high
explosive limited time mode already come
out okay so that came out yesterday and
that replaced the 50 versus 50 mode it
came out about 1 a.m. est time so yeah
it came out about 1a a.m. 1 a.m. and I
think yeah 1 a.m. Eastern Eastern Time
now what am i don't know what i am for
everybody out of the UK basically good
evening viewers how are you doing today
I do apologize I do have a little bit of
a squeaky voice today as well or all
croaky voice so yeah basically we've got
the high explosive limited time mode
it's actually really really good guys if
you haven't played it yes a lot of fun
especially in squads you've just got a
hope when you land you get a rocket
launcher instead of a fucking snowball
launcher so yeah we we also have a
silenced pistol coming into play as well
right there and we have a sneaky silence
a limited time only mode coming soon as
well so basically looks like quite quite
a bit of stuff is actually coming over
the next couple of weeks we've got the
new pistol a new mode come in as well as
this one so everything is looking good
and yeah let's get some fortnight high
explosives solo moon squats I guess
but yeah drop a like on the street for
me guys let me know how you will do it
as well get yourself involved in the
chap it'd be well appreciated and if you
haven't already and you are new to the
channel be sure to drop I subscribe and
push that channel notifications
Nouriel gamer
hey he doing buddy hey was it so you
don't man Oriol gamer ha 6 if you do
want to join feel free if you oreo have
you got me on place yeah you've got me
on playstation if you both want to join
feel free to hit hit me up just let me
know in the in the chat if you do want
to join and I'll send you both an invite
oh it's cold today
Oh apologies thought so I thought
someone was talking to me
alright no problem was it I'll send you
an invite now looks like Oreo wants to
join as well so I'll send him an invite
and let's get a party good as well guys
let's go party go
hey yo what's up man doo-doo-doo-doo so
that's I've sent you an evite yeah
[Music]
that's how they never invite I have
still got one a cold I know it's
freezing
[Music]
no game 364 joining the stream drop a
like brother squad because it's coming
mental
your server you need to come online
buddy you need to get on the on the game
I am Jim didn't realize it I don't think
I started it game with high explosive
Mentalist everyone having RPGs I'm not
playing
I was slept last night like 12 another
judgments they slept how's it it's done
I was ashamed for night twice yesterday
but they both was a complete fail so I
ended up deleting them machine Scott
Scott mental
I've got no smell at all it's just where
[Music]
do you but I'm so annoyed today but the
or the yeah I've even nothing's like as
in the trailer
[Music]
whoever's got music okay please turn off
I don't fancy being cutter right
yes I'm right in saying let's go for the
spot we usually go for the other tree
me and my squad actually now I'm gonna
go to this assault which brings because
I'm not gonna make it it's no chance
Edwin van gurbin sky
Ganga one star right here got interview
you insane there's a guy on the roof and
something I could do with one of them
though the guy I got the chest
you've actually got weapons Oh God on
this bandage your rivals
no dr. claw Oh your work I don't have a
weapon
geez probably know where I am I'm gonna
stop it
richard has gone through the tree
god oh god
[Music]
that was my
that game I thought it's a crazy crazy
game-mode man you don't have various
like fools
alright what we need to do we need to go
to the willow tree with the chest and
all like a chess game move spawn there
yesterday twice there was nothing like
that
I removed it all this why trees such a
good small like a normal just loads of
loot no I need
[Music]
this is such an interesting day look
like I would definitely do you think we
can make the tree he wants to bring no
it's a resolute like
[Music]
no come let's go we're gonna go to a
pleasant park I think we could try that
I don't even realize I I can make it to
use anyway I see I don't see yeah I see
a guy it's not the one that's up here
I'm good I'll be able to make it to get
on top of the building
[Music]
all right I can make it in suppli fuck
sure I see at least a weapon aqua
there's a guy going inside the factory
that I'm on top of the I see a guy
inside the factory clean that we might
know where you're at
now I got you a potion to potions or
juice I've got blue oh we are so far
away from there I see a purple rocket
launcher in creature on this truck over
here
purple something it's a purple can aid
anyone do not doesn't have a weapon open
it
boss of a couple of William Guzman yes
all right we headed OS accent shot right
how many times do I accidentally shoot I
do it way too often
yeah it's kind of cost me a game once
because I needed one more bullet all
right I'm moving towards the border
school I'll see you at school like we're
in a line if you're looking them up and
parsley in a wine right now gotta chew
at me then you could just ambush them
yeah well pretty spread out well if you
can get a shot at someone and you know
they're gonna go down
Oh
oh there's a blue something another the
shield potion I think inside still red
house yeah is it good I ready to go we
did go go go go anyone got wood
I don't know we look they're gonna need
it Oh No
I don't think I'm gonna make it when we
snuck outside in the water I'm still the
bomb the hill I'm just following I'm
following insane way from a designer to
my creations I'm sponsored by insane
insane grips and also configure the name
all right we made it
this is chaotic look 50 people together
the one guy
no it's fine technically golden
goodnight then
no there's nothing fun oh no he got me
some of these female
No all right slowly back off you got him
hi girls we're not in a boarder we need
a border move little it's so slow
I'm gonna be dead the time again wait
there's a guy oh I know so oh yes I come
your name's light meal right oh you guys
go find it now I need so I'm on there to
help I got freakin what's Rican able on
hers I got golden I've got five I've got
five rocket ammo someone couldn't drop
this or I could do with rocket and we'll
hang on without a little spot
well actually getting bored let's keep
up with the border from now on yeah I've
got rockets to write numbers yeah I see
I see two guys on top of the building
keep an eye up we're getting shot up
there on top of the building over there
I think it's worth it you can just dump
Oreo come back the Soviet missiles
dodging them they're behind a hill
Bangladesh
all right
I'm nuts
I'm slowly don't you know we got never
got somewhere they got another guy
around Northwest along that way nice you
go wait I got all right then
wait I can't see
and I would go about my world war two
have been delayed it's a rip major right
then say come get me give me give me a
key poker there behind you behind you
behind you to 44
yeah I'm dead so many bandages next time
don't rush into
yes it's checking my Twitter messages
cuz I'm gonna join a different party so
I'll let you guys have fun this is why I
always this is why I have grenade
launchers and get rid of those snowball
ones
I do anything because really like with
with the grenade launcher you can pretty
much like if you've got four of them you
can pretty much just spam one after the
other yeah
[Music]
right superb wailing yes
see the market where for the market
[Music]
yeah yeah yeah come over here come over
here these houses over here following us
yeah well you hit the barn and I'll hit
this house quickly
we've got people just over message as
you're finishing now let's go for these
guys
I see a four-man team southeast 120
looks like they're headed towards these
houses just here yeah yeah just watch
yourself watch yourself I've got two
people down there that are fired
these revivalist teammate
[Music]
you can as well yeah right go go
straight forward back the other way but
the other way straight forward hit that
truck in front of you nine times out of
ten there's a chest in that truck will
your Rockets reloaded yeah you've got
four months wait wait wait wait don't do
anything just you've got one guy coming
your way three
hit that little barn just there there's
usually a chest up there see left right
right there oh you're watching to reload
I'd say now
chucking this little outhouse farmer
right hit to your right go towards the
dusty death
someone maybe in that house so just be
careful it should be alright
you've got rockets coming from behind
rockets can move from behind to your
right to your right
closer
right go out they'll be tried to loot
now coming over towards the loop to your
right this will be my last game and then
I'll be getting off
Joba
you
are you in the game party failed to
connect it's definitely ready up again I
still can hear you guys I just wanna be
talking about Mike yeah yeah good we'll
see where we land first that's what I
mean
[Music]
for Monty
yeah that's what I would like it was
the guy was there
[Music]
like I'll be having to get off so like
2:30 yeah yep let's head towards the
steed this will be my last game anyway
so well go nip to the shop
can't wait for that I also want them to
come off like a game mode of first
person but I think the silenced pistols
gonna be
right we're in the storm is all right
let's start heading towards in that
circle you bring it's just dusty I'm
gonna head up to these houses just see
oh I've got one guy on top of the house
southeast I see him on top of the house
southeast
[Applause]
[Music]
yep well I'm just gonna wait for one of
them to pop out and go collect the loot
the other one
so happens I'm gonna go for it take this
guy down here just
like that you've got any uh mode there
you pick up the bandages you probably
get caught in this storm
[Music]
usually just head straight with the line
there people could be pushing out in
retail so just watch your back keep
watch on your back
[Music]
people of obviously come this way
practically every Ambo
but you only can get bullying or blowing
stuff of RPGs and grenade launchers
people have been over this way as well
there's four people remaining so that
three gold one seven three wood to
conform to the 44 the people down here
right there don't take shot don't take
the shot
[Music]
yeah
we need to go to like the far back of
the circle this little Hut looks like it
could be good for a circle circle I'm
literally gonna I'm gonna hire advantage
up here yeah if we build two separate if
we build two separate bases do you build
one base I'll build another base that
way they'll think we're in one base
yeah yeah I see them both they're coming
around southeast towards my base
the literally I think they're headed to
the net circle to be fair yeah yeah I
see em then they're over got a guy in a
bush East between East 105
[Music]
he was hid in the fucking bush he was
hid in the bush look at out 54 healthy
at the same amount its health there's
what you did
alright guys that's the stream ended
let's bring your point insane kryptonite
with the new update here on fortnight
Battle Royale
that's been the high explosives gameplay
woodstove are wet oreo and was it join
again tomorrow for another mad crazy
session we remember to subscribe drop a
like in Turners channel notifications on
other than that take care and have a
lovely day